hey got his iron here and today I'm here
with the little nano QX fits in the palm
of your hand it's so tiny I should pick
this up work today it's an awesome
little thing I haven't donated clothes
really dick so I'm going to form a tiny
area of fluid work and I salute also my
basement here this thing's a lot of fun
so I'm just do a quick little demo of a
couple first impressions
i floated probably six or seven and a
couple of that times it's a lot of fun
I've already wrecked at once replica
blade so she is here around at this
before point this sounds very quick and
it also has a lot of power surprisingly
so if you're sitting you're going to go
full pitch it shoots up and get to being
a quad another nqx was not unit for it
with it was a lot slower this thing I
honestly with I'm fighting stability
note here this has the same technology
honestly I could recommend a visit
anyone I look forward to the four of you
where I give my full thoughts and
opinion on it but this thing is
extremely durable you know it's really
cool and it's not that hard to fly but
also for you vampires you just want to
kick back relax have fun and do some
like different looks like toys are you
know so circuits like that you're sure
are we gonna do some little circus
tricks here what that ski bag our blade
called ceiling fan use literally
one-handed I mean it's a simple as that
I did get the ready to fly ball but i do
have bout it to my dx8 just because i
had short waiting for a ready to fly
ready for the phone your phone oh yeah
i'm sorry yeah and used to be cats yeah
I felt going from funk life yeah this
thing's really cool a lot of fun not
that expensive i believe it's like 89 90
are 85 bucks buddy ready bloddy and I
believe close to 70 bucks for you trying
to fly which literally you get a lot of
small package you to flip
everything I need to put this whole quad
to a lot of cool stuff on it and moving
to slide outside of know how to present
sure it will close up here
jenison is really cold battery life I
think I figure out last one up five and
six minutes I'm just kind of doing with
for flight popular around and figure
eight this thing is crazy terrible the
record to the four of you where I mess
up flipping and all that cool stuff and
all right Gail I fun stuff princess for
watching me we'll fight them on the
first impression video that is played in
the atom of QX hope you guys enjoy this
video except for watching I'll see you
next video man look you